adding search known issue (#1009)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues.adoc

When you are logged in as `kubeadmin` and you click the *Log out* option in the drop-down menu, the console returns to the login screen, but a browser tab opens with a `/logout` URL.
The page is blank and you can close the tab without impact to your console.

> [#search-aggregator-does-not-restart]
> === Search aggregator does not restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#search-aggregator-not-responding]
=== Search aggregator not responding
```

// 2.0.0:3466

> When the `redisgraph-user-secret` is updated you might receive a 503 error message. You must avoid updating the `redisgraph-user-secret`. If it is updated, you must restart the following `search-pods`: `search-prod-redisgraph`, `search-prod-search-aggregator`, `search-prod-search-api`.
> 

Reviewer: Can we make this more general? I have 2 reasons:
1. Similar problems could occur if other things are changed.
2. I don't want to give out too much information about internals.  It seems like saying "don't play with fire 🔥", and we know some people will just do that for fun.  :-)

 ```suggestion
If you update the internal configuration for the search component, the components might get out of sync and you might receive a 503 error message. You must avoid updating the configuration of the search component. If it is updated, you must restart the following search pods: `search-prod-xxxxx-redisgraph`, `search-prod-xxxxx-search-aggregator`, `search-prod-xxxxx-search-api`.

```

Reviewer: To restart these pods, you may use the command `oc delete pod <pod-name>`
